Week 2 Questions and Answers: 04/09/2019	

Define ROM (read-only) memory. What is one important difference between ROM and RAM (random access memory)?
 - Read Only Memory (ROM) is considered a chip that is non-volatile. This means the program stored in this piece of 
 hardware is permenantly saved. It retains the data even after the computer has been turned off. A good example provided in the text is the computer BIOS (Basic Input/Output System). The BIOS 
 will never change it's interface unless it has been flashed (modified by the person controlling the computer). ROM is typically 
used when the computer is being initialized during it's booting process. 
- The difference between ROM and RAM (Random Access Memory) is whether it is considered volatile or not. Considering ROM is non-volatile
RAM in this instance, is. Once the computer has been rebooted all the data stored on the RAM is reset. Although RAM is commonly used on 
the computer's operating system for day to day tasks; When we talk about RAM, we can consider that it has read/write functions whereas 
ROM only contains read (hence it's name). 


What are the general operations of a machine cycle?
- A general purpose machine contains a CPU which can execute all instructions that the user/system provide it. Considering the general purpose 
of a CPU is to carry out instructions; we are able to determine the operations that go along with it. The definition in the textbook is, "A machine cycle occurs
whenever the CPU processes a single piece of information". 
- These steps include: 
	1. Fetch -> Tries to retreive the instructions written by the system or the user (like a program) stored in memory (RAM)
	2. Decode -> The CPU tries to decode the instructions that it was provided into a machine language (ALU/FPU)
	3. Execute -> It then executes the code (instructions being carried out)
	4. Store -> Then stores the results in either disk/memory/registers; Depending on what the user requested. 

When we try and load a program. It gets loaded into the RAM for the CPU to fetch the information from. The CPU then reads the information 
it was provided and execute. Once the instructions have been completed it then stores the information for us. This can be in a variety of ways. 
Text can be outputed to your screen, A picture that you clicked on could be loaded on your monitor, the word document that your requested to open, finally
becomes displayed for you to edit. 

